index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: F# Core Engineering Activities
---

<br />

"F# Core Engineering Activities" is a loose term for activities by the people who maintain and contribute to the repositories of [The F# Software Foundation](http://fsharp.org). There are no "meetings", all work is coordinated via github issues.

These people - both maintainers and contributors - work cooperatively with major industrial and community contributors to F# to facilitate open-source contributions to the F# core components.

The activities include:

* The [F# Language Design and Core Library RFC Process](http://fsharp.github.io/2016/09/26/fsharp-rfc-process.html)

* The [F# Compiler Office Hours on the #compiler channel of FSSF Slack](https://fsharp.slack.com/messages/C05325FDM)

* The [F# Language Design Office Hours on the #langdesign channel of FSSF Slack](https://fsharp.slack.com/messages/C96PQFDD2)

* Maintaining the "Use F#" guides such as [Use F# on Windows](http://fsharp.org/use/windows), [Use F# on Linux](http://fsharp.org/use/linux) and [Use F# on OSX](http://fsharp.org/use/mac).

* Working with the [Visual F# Tools team](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/fsharpteam) to 
  [facilitate contributions](http://fsharp.github.io/2014/06/18/fsharp-contributions.html) to
  the F# language, compiler and libraries via the [Visual F# Tools repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/visualfsharp)

* Working with the [Xamarin](http://xamarin.com) team to see F# packaged as part of Xamarin tools for [OSX](http://fsharp.org/use/mac), 
  [Android](http://fsharp.org/use/android) and [iOS](http://fsharp.org/use/ios).

* Working with the [Mono team](http://www.mono-project.com/) to see F# packaged as part of standard Mono distributions.

* Working with the [Debian packaging team](http://packages.qa.debian.org/f/fsharp.html) to see F# packaged on Debian.

The [vim-fsharp](https://github.com/fsharp/vim-fsharp), [emacs-mode-fsharp](https://github.com/fsharp/emacs-fsharp-mode), [sublime-fsharp-package](https://github.com/fsharp) and [FAKE](http://github.com/fsharp/FAKE) repositories are here for historical reasons, they are not considered to be FSSF repositories.

Please join in the fun!


## Goals and Remit

F# Core Engineering Activities dates back to 2013. The FSSF board assigns permissions and conducts oversight of the activities [through a board resolution in 2015](http://foundation.fsharp.org/core_engineering_wg).  

See our [Goals and Remit](http://fsharp.github.io/2013/07/09/group-remit.html) document.

The FSSF board appoint a "chairperson" who has responsibility for assigning permissions and arranging a degree of oversight. The last chairperson appointed was Tomas Petricek for 2015-16, a new chaiperson is currently being sought.

Maintainer (pull-request) permissions for various repositories is listed below.

##  People Involved

Many people contribute to repositories such as [visualfsharp](http://github.com/Microsoft/visualfsharp),  [fsharp](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp), [FSharp.Compiler.Service](http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service), [FSharpLangDesign](http://github.com/fsharp/FSharpLangDesign) and this site, [fsharp.github.io](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io).  

Some specific people with maintainer permissions are as follows:

* [**fsharp**](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp) - [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), Enrico Sada, Tomas Petricek  and http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service
* [**FSharp.Compiler.Service**](http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service) [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), Enrico Sada, Tomas Petricek
* [**fsharp.github.io**](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io) - [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), Dave Thomas, Tomas Petricek  and http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service
* [**fslang-design**](http://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design) and [**fslang-suggestions**](http://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions) -  [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), [Chester Husk III](https://github.com/baronfel/), [Jared Hester](https://github.com/cloudRoutine), [Kurt Schelfthout](https://github.com/kurtschelfthout), [Marcus Griep](https://github.com/neoeinstein) - Language Design, Suggestion, RFC Curation and other contributions

## Get Involved 

To get involved:

* [Contribute to the F# compiler and core library](http://fsharp.github.io/2014/06/18/fsharp-contributions.html)

* [Contribute to the F# RFC process](http://fsharp.github.io/2016/09/26/fsharp-rfc-process.html)

* [Contribute to guides and blog entries on this site](https://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io/tree/master/_posts)

* [Contribute to guides on fsharp.org](https://github.com/fsharp/fsfoundation/tree/gh-pages/guides)

* [Contribute to other core repositories](http://github.com/fsharp) and [F# community incubation projects](http://github.com/fsprojects)

The aim is to maintain the excellent quality of the core F# implementation across these platforms,
and to extend the set of tools available for F# across your favorite platforms.

If you are working in some particular area and would like to update your activity/responsibility, please [submit an edit to this page](https://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io/edit/master/index.md).

<a id="bloglist" > &nbsp; </a>
<br />

## Guides and Posts


<div>
{% for post in site.posts %}

    <br />
    <h2>
      <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}{{ post.url }}">
        {{ post.title }} 
      </a> 
    </h2>

    <blockquote><p> {{ post.subtitle }} 
                    <!-- <time datetime="{{ post.date | date: '%Y-%m-%d' }}">({{ post.date | date: "%-d %B %Y" }})</time>   -->
                </p>
    </blockquote>

{% endfor %}

</div>

##  Contact Us

Most discussion happens in other forums. Please use any of the following:

* [Ask questions on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/tags/f%23/info)
* [Post to our Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/fsharp-opensource)
* [Propose or discuss an F# language feature](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions) - please check for duplicates first
* [Contribute an issue to the F# compiler and library](http://fsharp.github.io/2014/06/18/fsharp-contributions.html)
* [Contribute an issue to other core repositories](http://github.com/fsharp)
* [Contribute an issue to other F# community incubation projects](http://github.com/fsprojects)

If you are using an F# package from Xamarin, Microsoft or another company then you should contact them via their support for any issues or questions. They may refer you to one of our forums for some specific issues.

Commit message:

Add compiler office hours to front page

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: F# Core Engineering Activities
---

<br />

"F# Core Engineering Activities" is a loose term for activities by the people who maintain and contribute to the repositories of [The F# Software Foundation](http://fsharp.org). There are not many "meetings", most work is coordinated via github issues.  

These people - both maintainers and contributors - work cooperatively with major industrial and community contributors to F# to facilitate open-source contributions to the F# core components.

Each Monday we aspire to hold an "F# Compiler and Core Engineering Office Hours" chat on [the #compiler channel of the F# Software Foundation](https://fsharp.slack.com/messages/C05325FDM).  Normally hosted by Don Syme, we're also looking for volunteers to act as host when he's not available.

The activities include:

* The [F# Language Design and Core Library RFC Process](http://fsharp.github.io/2016/09/26/fsharp-rfc-process.html)

* The [F# Compiler Office Hours on the #compiler channel of FSSF Slack](https://fsharp.slack.com/messages/C05325FDM)

* The [F# Language Design Office Hours on the #langdesign channel of FSSF Slack](https://fsharp.slack.com/messages/C96PQFDD2)

* Maintaining the "Use F#" guides such as [Use F# on Windows](http://fsharp.org/use/windows), [Use F# on Linux](http://fsharp.org/use/linux) and [Use F# on OSX](http://fsharp.org/use/mac).

* Working with the [Visual F# Tools team](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/fsharpteam) to 
  [facilitate contributions](http://fsharp.github.io/2014/06/18/fsharp-contributions.html) to
  the F# language, compiler and libraries via the [Visual F# Tools repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/visualfsharp)

* Working with the [Xamarin](http://xamarin.com) team to see F# packaged as part of Xamarin tools for [OSX](http://fsharp.org/use/mac), 
  [Android](http://fsharp.org/use/android) and [iOS](http://fsharp.org/use/ios).

* Working with the [Mono team](http://www.mono-project.com/) to see F# packaged as part of standard Mono distributions.

* Working with the [Debian packaging team](http://packages.qa.debian.org/f/fsharp.html) to see F# packaged on Debian.

The [vim-fsharp](https://github.com/fsharp/vim-fsharp), [emacs-mode-fsharp](https://github.com/fsharp/emacs-fsharp-mode), [sublime-fsharp-package](https://github.com/fsharp) and [FAKE](http://github.com/fsharp/FAKE) repositories are here for historical reasons, they are not considered to be FSSF repositories.

Please join in the fun!


## Goals and Remit

F# Core Engineering Activities dates back to 2013. The FSSF board assigns permissions and conducts oversight of the activities [through a board resolution in 2015](http://foundation.fsharp.org/core_engineering_wg).  

See our [Goals and Remit](http://fsharp.github.io/2013/07/09/group-remit.html) document.

The FSSF board appoint a "chairperson" who has responsibility for assigning permissions and arranging a degree of oversight. The last chairperson appointed was Tomas Petricek for 2015-16, a new chaiperson is currently being sought.

Maintainer (pull-request) permissions for various repositories is listed below.

##  People Involved

Many people contribute to repositories such as [visualfsharp](http://github.com/Microsoft/visualfsharp),  [fsharp](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp), [FSharp.Compiler.Service](http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service), [FSharpLangDesign](http://github.com/fsharp/FSharpLangDesign) and this site, [fsharp.github.io](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io).  

Some specific people with maintainer permissions are as follows:

* [**fsharp**](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp) - [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), Enrico Sada, Tomas Petricek  and http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service
* [**FSharp.Compiler.Service**](http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service) [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), Enrico Sada, Tomas Petricek
* [**fsharp.github.io**](http://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io) - [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), Dave Thomas, Tomas Petricek  and http://github.com/fsharp/FSharp.Compiler.Service
* [**fslang-design**](http://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design) and [**fslang-suggestions**](http://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions) -  [Don Syme](https://github.com/dsyme/), [Chester Husk III](https://github.com/baronfel/), [Jared Hester](https://github.com/cloudRoutine), [Kurt Schelfthout](https://github.com/kurtschelfthout), [Marcus Griep](https://github.com/neoeinstein) - Language Design, Suggestion, RFC Curation and other contributions

## Get Involved 

To get involved:

* [Contribute to the F# compiler and core library](http://fsharp.github.io/2014/06/18/fsharp-contributions.html)

* [Contribute to the F# RFC process](http://fsharp.github.io/2016/09/26/fsharp-rfc-process.html)

* [Contribute to guides and blog entries on this site](https://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io/tree/master/_posts)

* [Contribute to guides on fsharp.org](https://github.com/fsharp/fsfoundation/tree/gh-pages/guides)

* [Contribute to other core repositories](http://github.com/fsharp) and [F# community incubation projects](http://github.com/fsprojects)

The aim is to maintain the excellent quality of the core F# implementation across these platforms,
and to extend the set of tools available for F# across your favorite platforms.

If you are working in some particular area and would like to update your activity/responsibility, please [submit an edit to this page](https://github.com/fsharp/fsharp.github.io/edit/master/index.md).

<a id="bloglist" > &nbsp; </a>
<br />

## Guides and Posts


<div>
{% for post in site.posts %}

    <br />
    <h2>
      <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}{{ post.url }}">
        {{ post.title }} 
      </a> 
    </h2>

    <blockquote><p> {{ post.subtitle }} 
                    <!-- <time datetime="{{ post.date | date: '%Y-%m-%d' }}">({{ post.date | date: "%-d %B %Y" }})</time>   -->
                </p>
    </blockquote>

{% endfor %}

</div>

##  Contact Us

Most discussion happens in other forums. Please use any of the following:

* [Ask questions on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/tags/f%23/info)
* [Post to our Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/fsharp-opensource)
* [Propose or discuss an F# language feature](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions) - please check for duplicates first
* [Contribute an issue to the F# compiler and library](http://fsharp.github.io/2014/06/18/fsharp-contributions.html)
* [Contribute an issue to other core repositories](http://github.com/fsharp)
* [Contribute an issue to other F# community incubation projects](http://github.com/fsprojects)

If you are using an F# package from Xamarin, Microsoft or another company then you should contact them via their support for any issues or questions. They may refer you to one of our forums for some specific issues.
